# Magura_ALUDB

The African Leadership University has been using file systems to manage the student data, facilitators data, equipment and other aspects of the university that require storing information about. As a student who has taken database management systems as a course, you have been hired by the University administration to help in the development of a University database management system. Therefore, you are required to:

Identify all aspects about the university that will require information to be stored about, otherwise called entities in relational database management systems. You are expected to come up with no lesser than 8 entities (Conceptual phase)
Once you have identified the entities you are going to store information about, the next is to establish how the various objects are related in your conceptual model, you will be required to map out any relationships between the entities, appropriately using foreign keys to indicate your relationships. Any many to many relationships and any other conflicts should be resolved within your ER diagram through normalization. Attributes for each entity should be clear and meaningful, properly denoting primary keys and foreign keys within your diagram. (Logical model). 
You then will go ahead and implement the E.R diagram resulting from the stage 2, (Qn 2), your implementation should mirror your logical design diagram, you will then populate your database with no lesser than 10 records for each entity. You will create at least three users for your database, granting them varying privileges of access to your database.
